# 1.Project role:

I was the designer that build the data generation of the project, and the updater of the datasets, but I also participated in other teamwork sections. I was also the project manager that help adjust the cooperation of the team.


# 2.Contributions:

For the Data Generation (All detail files can be found in the data_generator folder):
1.  I build a data generation that can generate sentences with fewer categories.
2.	I updated the data generation with more sentence types.
3.	I updated the data generation with more categories.
4.	I updated the data generation that can have extra sentences.
5.	I updated the data generation that can provide more crime sentences.
6.	I adjusted the output of the data generator, according to the input of the machine learning model.
7.	I made a better interface for other users to add the label data that they want to generate.
8.  I kept updating the dataset until the end of the project, according to the accuracy of the machine learning model, and the performance of the image generation.

For other sections:
1.  I helped test the accuracy of the machine learning model, and remodified my data generator to provide a better dataset.
2.	I helped test the operation of the Image generator, and remodified my data generator to reduce mistakes.
3.	I provided acceptable suggestions for other different sections.
4.	I participated in the organization of our team’s documents, including poster, meeting minutes, code documents, and presentations.
5.	I solved the conflicts between my teammates that occurred during the development of our project.

# 3.Average hours investigated to the project:

By calculation, I spent around 23.54 hours per week, during the 13 semester-weeks entire project development process. I also spent around 50 more hours during the mid-term break and the non-semester week after the 13th semester week.